all i all i ever
wanted was a dollar and a chance
find find what i'm made of
all right coming coming from the bottom
better learn how to dance find find what
you're made of
all right feel like my love is wasted
every day yeah i get so damn tired of
chasing
[Music]
[Applause]
so can we
[Music]
for a second
[Applause]
[Music]
all i ever city wanted some keys
run run through the street now
all right and i wish you all missing
every day yeah everyday
yeah every day so can
we talk for a minute
stop for a minute all i wanna do is
[Music]
i feel it i promise you baby
so can we talk for a minute
just stop for a minute cause all i wanna
do is
[Music]
my lord looks better on you
promise your baby
sing those words
[Music]
that's right